Document SVG denial in generated project upload defaults (#3378)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/api/rest/upload.md

}
```

## SVG upload security

Projects generated with `create-strapi-app` deny `image/svg+xml` by default. The generated `config/plugins.*` file includes `image/*` in `allowedTypes` and `image/svg+xml` in `deniedTypes`:

<Tabs groupId="js-ts">

<TabItem value="javascript" label="JavaScript">

```js title="/config/plugins.js"
module.exports = {
  upload: {
    config: {
      security: {
        allowedTypes: ['image/*', 'video/*', 'audio/*', 'application/pdf'],
        deniedTypes: ['image/svg+xml', 'application/x-sh', 'application/x-dosexec'],
      },
    },
  },
};
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="typescript" label="TypeScript">

```ts title="/config/plugins.ts"
export default {
  upload: {
    config: {
      security: {
        allowedTypes: ['image/*', 'video/*', 'audio/*', 'application/pdf'],
        deniedTypes: ['image/svg+xml', 'application/x-sh', 'application/x-dosexec'],
      },
    },
  },
};
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

SVG files are denied despite matching the `image/*` wildcard because SVG can contain browser-active content such as scripts and event handlers. An explicit entry in `deniedTypes` always takes precedence over a wildcard in `allowedTypes`.

> This policy applies only to **new projects** created with `create-strapi-app`. Existing projects are not affected unless you add the same configuration manually.

Author: ```suggestion
This policy applies only to new projects created with Strapi <VersionBadge version="5.52.2+" noTooltip />.. Existing projects are not affected unless you add the same configuration manually.
```
